# Lost_and_Found_Android_app
Georgia Tech students move around school with many objects: cell-phones, notebooks, keys, credit cards, buzzcards, etc. During the typical fast paced routine of a day on campus, students will often misplace or lose objects of important value without noticing right away. While we believe that our campus is relatively safe, and trust people who find lost objects to try to return those objects to their owners, or to leave them with security or at an administration desk, we also believe that many objects would still remain "un-found" due to the huge size of our campus. We have researched ideas that tried to help find lost objects, and we found few but great products, such as the Tile app [1] that use RFID trackers to tag objects of importance. These ideas, however, require the purchase of expensive devices and attaching them to objects. These devices may be too expensive for students on low-budget. Additionally, some objects that can be lost, such as a pair of glasses, can not be conveniently attached to a RFID tracker. To solve the problem of lost objects, we propose creating an app where students can report losing and finding objects on campus.
This is originally a project for class CS6235 which I worked with Katri Mohamed. I was in charge of the Android client part while Katri took care of server part. It was very happy to work with this nice buddy and I learnt a lot from him. He graduated that semester,  so I have to continue work on the project as a open source project as promised in the project proposal.
Although we have implemented many functionalities and the code can run successfully, many redundant code exists and there's no proper comments. Besides, many warning exists and the code is not fully tested, so I believe there are many bugs to be explored. Moreover, there are many other interesting functions to be implemented. As a result, I plan to continue working on this project during next semester.
